Pre-PR for warnings on unknown markers (#5015)
pytest-dev/pytest: doc/en/mark.rst

        slow
        serial

> When the ``--strict`` command-line flag is passed, any unknown marks applied

Reviewer: @Zac-HD how about using this PR and add `--strict-marks` as an alias to `--strict`, while also updating the docs to use the former?

Author: I'd prefer to leave functional changes to the other PR - will discuss there.

Reviewer: Sure, thanks!

with the ``@pytest.mark.name_of_the_mark`` decorator will trigger an error.
Marks added by pytest or by a plugin instead of the decorator will not trigger

> this error.  To enforce a limited set of markers, add ``--strict`` to ``addopts``:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
this error.  To enforce validation of markers, add ``--strict`` to ``addopts``:
```

?
